[BUG] Update Agent installation steps per updated UI (#1886)
elastic/security-docs: docs/getting-started/install-endpoint.asciidoc

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/install-endpoint/add-agent.png[Add agent flyout on the Fleet page.]

. Select an agent policy for the {agent}. You can select an existing policy, or select **Create new agent policy** to create a new one. For more details on {agent} configuration settings, refer to {fleet-guide}/agent-policy.html[{agent} policies].
+
The selected agent policy should include {endpoint-sec}.
+
[role="screenshot"]
image::images/install-endpoint/endpoint-configuration.png[Add agent flyout with Endpoint Security integration highlighted.,575]

. Ensure that the **Enroll in {fleet}** option is selected. {endpoint-sec} cannot be integrated with an {agent} in standalone mode.

. Select the appropriate platform or operating system for the host, then copy the provided commands.

> . On the host, open a command-line interface and navigate to the directory where you want to install the {agent}. Paste and run the commands from {fleet} to download, extract, enroll, and start the {agent}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. On the host, open a command-line interface and navigate to the directory where you want to install {agent}. Paste and run the commands from {fleet} to download, extract, enroll, and start {agent}.
```
Following Janeen's reminder above about not putting an article before {agent}

. (Optional) Return to the **Add agent** flyout in {fleet}, and observe the **Confirm agent enrollment** and **Confirm incoming data** steps automatically checking the host connection. It may take a few minutes for data to arrive in {es}.

> . After you have enrolled the {agent} on your host, you can click **View enrolled agents** to access the list of agents enrolled in {fleet}. Otherwise, select **Close**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. After you have enrolled the {agent} instance on your host, you can click **View enrolled agents** to access the list of agents enrolled in {fleet}. Otherwise, select **Close**. 
```
I'm not sure if this is right but it seems like since this is specifically referring to a copy of agent on a particular machine, perhaps an article is appropriate? What do you think @jmikell821?

Author: I don't think you can install more than one instance of Elastic Agent on a machine/host, so maybe not "instance," but dropping the article here would be OK:
```suggestion
. After you have enrolled {agent} on your host, you can click **View enrolled agents** to access the list of agents enrolled in {fleet}. Otherwise, select **Close**. 
```

Reviewer 2: Quick note, if we're dropping the article before Elastic Agent, there are a few other places that will need to be updated in this topic. That's outside the scope of this doc update though, so maybe it's a post-release task?

Author: @nastasha-solomon I think it could wait for post-release, if ever. I see this as a "fix it when you happen to notice it" kind of issue. Also, I didn't get the sense from @jmikell821's comment that we absolutely can no longer use "Elastic Agent' with an article, just that Fleet docs "often" omit the article.

+

> The host will now appear on the **Endpoints** page in the {security-app}. It may take another minute or two for endpoint data to appear in {elastic-sec}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The host will now appear on the **Endpoints** page in the {security-app}. It may take a moment for endpoint data to appear in {elastic-sec}.
```

Reviewer 2: Super tiny nit here and really, both work. I mainly made this suggestion to obscure performance benchmarks since (I assume) it'd vary based on the user's situation.

Author: @nastasha-solomon I get your point, but I think it's better to prepare the reader for a longer wait than just a "moment," so they don't get frustrated or think it's not working. The Fleet UI was updated to say "It may take a few minutes for data to arrive in Elasticsearch" and it's a similar delay for the data to then reach the Security app.

Reviewer 2: @joepeeples ah, ok I didn't know the Fleet UI had similar language. Also, I see your point that transparency isn't necessarily "bad" in this case and can actually help our users set expectations when using the Security app. Another benefit of quantifying the wait time is that users will be able to recognize what an abnormally long wait time looks like.
